Andrewperk resizable term entry (#1495)
Codecademy/docs: content/swiftui/concepts/viewmodifier/terms/resizable/resizable.md

---
Title: '.resizable()'

> Description: 'Sets the mode that an image in a View resizes itself to so it fits the surrounding space of its parent container.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Configures an image in a View to resize itself to so it fits the surrounding space of its parent container.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'iOS'
Tags:
  - 'SwiftUI'
  - 'SwiftUI Modifiers'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swift'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

> The **`.resizable()`** modifier sets the mode that an image in a [`View`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views) resizes itself to so it fits the surrounding space of its parent container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.resizable()`** modifier configures an image in a [`View`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views) to resize itself to so it fits the surrounding space of its parent container.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
struct ContentView: View {
    var body: some View {
        VStack {
            Image("image-file")
                .resizable()
        }
        .frame(width: 300, height: 300)
    }
}
```

Inside the view, the `.resizable()` modifier is applied to the [`Image` view](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views/image). The image will now resize to fit in the parent ['VStack' view](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views/vstack)'s frame of 300x300.

## Example

The following example creates a red circle image that is resizable and fills the space of its `VStack` parent view, which is 300x300, and a border to show its size:

```swift
import SwiftUI

struct ContentView: View {
    var body: some View {
        VStack {
            Image("RedCircle")
                .resizable()
        }
        .frame(width: 300, height: 300)
        .border(.black, width: 2)
    }
}
```

> The image on the left is before applying the `.resizable()` modifier and on the right is after, showing the image fitting the surrounding space within the border. This will display:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image on the left is before applying the `.resizable()` modifier and on the right is after, showing the image fitting the surrounding space within the border:
```

![SwiftUI ViewModifier .resizable()](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/swiftui-resizable.png)

> ## Optional Parameters

Reviewer: This section belongs under the Syntax section, possibly without the header. If the header is included, it should be a level 3 (###) header

> The `.resizable()` modifier also accepts two optional parameters: `resizable(capInsets: EdgeInsets = EdgeInsets())` and `resizable(resizingMode: Image.ResizingMode = .stretch)`. The `capInsets: EdgeInsets = EdgeInsets()` parameter sets the parts of the image that should not be affected by the resizing or while tiling it affects the spacing in between each tile. The `resizable(resizingMode: Image.ResizingMode = .stretch)` sets the mode of the resizing to either stretch(the default mode) or tile the image.

Reviewer: After moving it to the Syntax section, also include a ```pseudo block showing the parameters.

## Example: With Parameters

> The following example sets the `capInsets: EdgeInsets()` for `top`, `leading`, `bottom`, and `trailing` to 20 and then tiles the image within the parent container by setting the `resizingMode: .tile`. This tiles many red circles within the 300x300 parent container and removes the spacing between them.

Reviewer: Can we explain what the EdgeInsets of 20 mean for the image? How does it affect the spacing? What would different values do?
